README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
24th August, 2021

### Project Title
Explore US BikeShare Data Using Python

### Description
This project focuses on pandas library usage and simple statistics methods to perform a rudimentary analysis on the bikeshare data from three major U.S. cities - Chicago, Washington, and New York City - to display information such as most popular days or most common stations.

### Files used
chicago.csv,
nyc.csv,
washington.csv

### Credits
w3schools.com >> for loops
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/python_dictionary.htm>> for using get
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/dictionary_get.htm
udacity nanodegree practice problems
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50882377/how-do-you-convert-a-numpy-float64-to-python-native-string-type-for-writing-to-a>> convert to string
https://www.studytonight.com/python-howtos/how-to-get-month-name-from-month-number-in-python>> converting month number to name
https://pandas.pydata.org/
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.Series.head.html#pandas.Series.head
https://pythonbasics.org/try-except/
https://github.com/Aritra96/bikeshare-project/blob/master/bikeshare.py

Commit message:

docs: Added a section Statistics Computed

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
24th August, 2021

### Project Title
Explore US BikeShare Data Using Python

### Description
This project focuses on pandas library usage and simple statistics methods to perform a rudimentary analysis on the bikeshare data from three major U.S. cities - Chicago, Washington, and New York City - to display information such as most popular days or most common stations.

### Files used
chicago.csv,
nyc.csv,
washington.csv

### Statistics Computed
A variety of descriptive statistics are computed to provide the following information

1 Popular times of travel (i.e., occurs most often in the start time)
most common month
most common day of week
most common hour of day

2 Popular stations and trip
most common start station, most common end station, most common trip from start to end (i.e., most frequent combination of start station and end station)

3 Trip duration
total travel time
average travel time

4 User info
counts of each user type
counts of each gender (only available for NYC and Chicago)
earliest, most recent, most common year of birth (only available for NYC and Chicago)

### Credits
w3schools.com >> for loops
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/python_dictionary.htm>> for using get
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/dictionary_get.htm
udacity nanodegree practice problems
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50882377/how-do-you-convert-a-numpy-float64-to-python-native-string-type-for-writing-to-a>> convert to string
https://www.studytonight.com/python-howtos/how-to-get-month-name-from-month-number-in-python>> converting month number to name
https://pandas.pydata.org/
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.Series.head.html#pandas.Series.head
https://pythonbasics.org/try-except/
https://github.com/Aritra96/bikeshare-project/blob/master/bikeshare.py
